Problem D. Dedicated Contestant
Input file: tank.in
Output file: standard output
Balloon Color: Dark green
ACPC 2022 is just around the corner. This year is not like any other year. More surprises, more contestants,
more challenges and of course more opportunities. As always Coach Academy, the ACPC partner, is
stepping up to accommodate trainings for the ACPC contestants.
Coach Academy provides problem solving training for school students, university students and also
graduates. They prepare students to tackle algorithms and data structures challenges and train them
for ACPC different competitions.
Joud is a dedicated young contestant who just started training with Coach Academy to prepare for the
ACPC Teens. Joud started to apply what she learns in her life. One day, she found a water tank which
is initially empty and has a maximum capacity of N gallons. She wanted to fill the tank by using two
other jugs which have maximum capacities S and T gallons respectively. She can perform the following
operation until the tank is full.
• Choose one of the jugs and fill it with water to its maximum capacity, then dump all the water into
the tank.
Joud must use all the available capacity of the chosen jug at each operation.
If the tank becomes full during the above operation, then the extra water overflows and is wasted.
What is the number of times that Joud should use each of the jugs so that the water wasted is minimized?
Input
The first line of input contains one integer T - the number of test cases.
Then T lines will follow. Each of them contains three integers, N, ST (1 ≤ N, S, T ≤ 105
). The capacity
of the tank and the capacities of the first and second jug respectively.
It is guaranteed that the sum of N over all testcases does not exceed 105
.
Output
For each test case, print two numbers, the number of times that Joud should perform the above operation
with the first jug and with the second jug respectively.
If there are multiple answers, you should output the one with the smallest number of times that Joud
should perform the above operation with the first jug.
